\documentclass[12pt,a4paper,titlepage]{article}

\usepackage{times}
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{textcomp}
\usepackage[toc,page]{appendix}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{siunitx}
\usepackage[english]{babel}
\usepackage{biblatex}
\usepackage{csquotes}

\usepackage[bookmarks]{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true,allcolors=black}
\usepackage{hypcap}


\bibliography{sources.bib}

\doublespacing
\voffset = -25pt
\headsep = 35pt
\oddsidemargin = 0pt
\topmargin = 0pt
\marginparwidth = 0pt
\textwidth = 450pt
\textheight = 625pt

\begin{document}

\pagestyle{headings}
\setcounter{page}{1}

%---Title Page---%
\thispagestyle{empty}

\begin{flushleft}
\vspace*{1.5in}

{\huge The Enigma Machine}

\vspace{0.25in}

{\Large Kevin Bloom \\ Jonathan Covert}

\vspace{0.25in}

\vfill

\end{flushleft}

\newpage

\tableofcontents

\newpage

\section{Introduction}
This is a test~\cite{hold}.

\section{The Enigma Machine}

\subsection{History}
The Enigma Machine was the Germans way of keeping their communications secure
during the early 1930s and beginning of World War 2. The Germans believe that
this machine's encryption could not be cracked because of the theoretical number
of ciphering possibilities (approximately $3 \times 10^{114}$). The machine used a
number of rotor wheels and a plugboard to obtain this insane number of
possibilities. Around 1928, the Polish noticed that the Germans changed their
communication encrypt and their normal ciphering techniques became useless. All
their attempts at cracking the code were useless until they hired three
mathematicians in 1932. These mathematicians eventually designed an equation that
could determine the the wiring connections on the current encryption settings.

Also involved in the uproar was Britain, whom started hiring mathematicians to
try and crack the Enigma's code. One of those mathematicians was Alan Turing.
Turing was the man who is responsible for the demise of the Enigma. He design a
machine (called the Bombe) that could decrypt the Enigma's current code, giving
all the German's secret messages to the British. Because of this machine, the
outcome of World War 2 was greatly altered and history was made. Turing has been
called ``the founder of computer science'', according to Andrew Hodges' website
about Turing, because of his development of the Bombe and of other computer
related subjects.
\cite{wilcox2006solving}

\subsection{Operation}
The Enigma Machine's operation was quite difficult and took a lot of skill to
fully understand. 

\section{Something Else}

\newpage

\appendix

\section{Appendix: PSpice Waveforms}

\newpage
\printbibliography


\end{document}
